>HTTP2 is much faster and more reliable than HTTP1.HTTP1 loads a single request for every TCP connection,while HTTP2
avoids network delay by using multiplexing.
>HTTP2 tries to optimize the perfoemance in terms of developmental efforst as well as network congestion.
HTTP1.1=
	>1997
	>It supports connection reuse i.e for every connection there could be multiple request and responses and pipelining  where client can request several resources from server at once.
		However pipelining was hard to implement due to issue sucha as head of line blocking and was a feasiable solution.
	>It is relatively secure since it uses digest authentication,NTLM authentication.
	>Expands on the caching support by using additional headers like cache-control,conditional headers 
		like if-Match and by using entity tags.
	>HTTP1.1 provides faster delivery of web pages and reduce web traffic as compared to HTTP1.0.
	>But TCP starts slowly and with domain sharding (resources can be downloaded simultaneously by using multiple domain),connection reuse and pipelining,there is an increased risk of NETWORK CONGESTION.


HTTP2=
	>2015
	>Uses MULTIPLEXING,where over a single TCP connection resources to be delivered are interleaved and arrive at the client almost at the same time.It is done using streams which can be prioritized,can have dependencies and individual 
		flow control.
	>It also provides a feature called server push that that allows the server to send data that the client woll need but has not requested.
	>Securtiy concerns from previous version will contine to be seen in HTTP/2 .However,it is better equiooed to deal with them due to new TLS features like connection error of type Inadequate_security.
	>HTTP2 does not change much in terms of caching.With server push feature if the client finds the resources are already present in the cache,it can cancel the push stream.
	>HTTP/2 utilizes multiplexing and server push to effectively reduce the page load time by a greater margin along with being less sensitive to network delays.

HTTP/2 penetration on the client side is more than 70% as most major browsers support it and on the server side we have major tech giant like google,facebook etc who have their own servers supporting HTTP/2.
